Split 'value' into 'mint' and 'value' (#95)
ethereum-optimism/optimistic-specs: deposits.md

[EIP-2718]: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2718

- `address from`: The address of the sender account.
- `address to`: The address of the recipient account.

> - `uint256 depositValue`: The ETH value to mint on L2.
> - `uint256 sendValue`: The ETH value to send to the recipient account.

Author: Another option would be something like this, which might be cleaner because it adds a new field alongside the existing `value` field in other transaction types, rather than replacing it with 2 new fields.

```suggestion
- `uint256 deposited`: The ETH value to mint on L2.
- `uint256 value`: The ETH value to send to the recipient account.
```

  [aliased][address-aliasing] by the deposit feed contract).
- `context.calldata` set to `data`
- `context.gas` set to `gasLimit`

> - `context.value` set to `sendValue`

Author: Could there be a need for app-devs to access the `depositedValue` amount in the context?
